# Akira Bike Design

A really cool project I worked on as the final project submission to an intro SolidWorks course. Check "Akira Bike Render.jpg" for the 3D rendered final product using Photoview 360. Akira is one of my favorite movies ever and I'm so proud of this design :)

This file was originally named "ME 123 Final Project Annotation.txt".

My designed model here is a my reimagined look of the iconic motorbike featured in the cyberpunk sci-fi animated movie, Akira. Due to its futuristic appeal and sci-fi oriented design, the original design featured in the series is extremely sparse of linear planes. As the bike requires the usage of many oblique planes to model all the rapid directional changes in its exteriors, the main difficulty of my project came in the form of maintaining good design practice while experimenting with the creation of unorthodox references planes. The lofts and lofted cuts were also incredibly challenging as the cuts can be very un-uniform. I am particularly proud of the final look of my bike's seat exteriors and side profile, as it took forever to resolve some of the errors that came along during the experimenting process (i.e. lots of cuts were very difficult to mirror as overlaps became an issue across the right plane). The two Additional Tools I utilized are Configuration and Assembly Pattern. For the former, configurations were made for the wheel parts (i.e. Bike_Wheels, Bike_Rims, and Wheel Fork) mainly because the front wheel and back wheel is intended to be in different dimensions (however, the same design is very reusable as the proportions should be very similar). As for the latter, I used a Circular Component Pattern when decorating my design (i.e. Triangle_Decal). This pattern is quite iconic on the original bike's design in the movie, and I decided to recreated it by rotating the triangle-circle instance across 360 degrees (with 3 instances, of course).